    1)      In small popups the keyboard covers most of the textbox so the user cannot see what they are typing, or see the buttons
    FIXED:  Popups now aligned at the top, to avoid the keyboard

    2)      Popups could be larger perhaps, and the buttons on them are quite small. It's workable as is though
    FIXED:  Popups now fullscreen. Buttons now change size with the screen

3)      Keyboard covers the tape when editing it. I'm not certain what we could/should do about that if anything


    4)      The build toolbar images don't load. The buttons work but the images don't appear
    FIXED:  The Resources folder had a capital in it and the image paths don't. This wasn't an issue in PC testing but was an issue on the pendo pad. renaming the resources folder to be lower case solved the issue

    5)      One instance of the progress window remaining after completion when running to finish. This was the first use of it. Since then it has worked fine
    UNREPRODUCIBLE

    6)      Reopen option isn't working. I think it is simply outside the screen. I can see a line that I think is the tail of the p
    FIXED:  Padding is resolved in different ways on android and windows - fixed to be broken on windows instead

    7)      Delete machine popup says Load file
    FIXED:  Delete machine and load machine now say choose file

7.1)    Delete machine could maybe do with a confirmation popup


    8)      It'd be good to have some kinda save notification
    FIXED:  Save notification added

    9)      The main menu needs to be bigger. Tapping the right button is far more painful than it should be
    FIXED:  Menu options scale with screen size

    10)     We probably don't want the Resources, doc, include and lib folders visible when loading and deleting
    FIXED:  Choose file filters out all directories now

11)     All the buttons in the build and run toolbars have a very thin (1px?) white line above them


12)     Movement following path when running is quite jerky. Especially at slow speeds


    13)     Why does the machine completion text have a cancel button? It seems pointless
    UNREPRODUCIBLE

    14)     Hitting run to finish while running causes the app to crash. This is the case on PC as well as android
    UNREPRODUCIBLE

Changes made to get it running:
Added "__version__ = '1.8'" to main.py
Changed the path in the buildozer.spec file to be an explicit path
entered "sudo easy_install markupsafe" in the virtual machine terminal